Instructions for running the Single User Edition Installer

Double click Install.EXE.

After the "Starting..." window has closed, the sequence of actions is as follows:

1. Welcome screen
	Please read this and click Next.

2. Important Notes
	Please read this and click Next.

3. Software Licence Agreement
	Please read this.
  	Click Yes to accept the licence. If you click No the installer will close.

4. Registration
	It asks for your name and your CALMAT Serial Number. Enter ANYTHING - this is overwritten at the end of the 	installation!
	Click Next to continue.

5. Choose Destination Location
	Go with the defaults given. If this is IMPOSSIBLE! then:
	Enter the path to the folder where CALMAT will be installed. 
	The installer will create the folder if it does not exist.
	**NOTE**
	YOU MUST USE FOLDER NAMES WITH 8 CHARACTERS OR LESS FOR ALL FOLDERS ON THE PATH.
	Click Next to continue.

6. Ready to Install
	Check the details you entered are correct
	Click Next to continue.

7. Install Java?
	You can choose to install Java runtime to enable you to use the new CALMAT Input Tool with TAS.
	JAVA 1.4 will be installed. If you have a newer version of JAVA then do not install.

The Setup window opens, showing progress while files are installed. When it closes:

8. Icon Locations
	If you want to create shortcuts on the desktop, check the Desktop checkbox.
	If you want to create shortcuts in the Start Menu, check the Start Menu checkbox.
	Click OK to continue.

9. Select Program Folder (appears only if you have checked StartMenu at stage 8)
	Choose a name for the Program Folder.
	Click Next to continue.

10. Last Minute Notes 
	Please read this reminder to run the CALMAT Setup icon.
	Click Next to continue.

11. Finished
	You may wish to restart your computer after installing CALMAT. 
	This is not usually necessary, so the default setting is to restart later.
	Choose whether or not to restart and click Close to finish.

Copy the file calmat.ini from the installer folder into the folder where CALMAT is installed, overwriting the file created during installation.

Run the CALMAT icon to start CALMAT.

Troubleshooting for VISTA
-------------------------
If you use VISTA at home you may have file permission problems after installing. Right click the installed CALMAT folder and go to Properties. Under security change the permissions for User to Full Control.

	1. Right-click on the Calmat folder and select the "Properties" 	option. Open the "Securities" tab at the top of the window.

	2. Click the "Edit" button in the middle of the window. Add or 	remove users by using the corresponding buttons.

	3. Edit the "System" permissions at the bottom of the window by 	selecting Allow All in the "Permissions for SYSTEM" section. 		Click "OK" to save your changes.


LEARNING PLANS
--------------
The Plans folder on this CD contains a demo learning plan. 

If your tutor provides you with learning plans, they will explain to you how to load 
the plans into your system.

Then when you open the CALMAT Player and click the Learning Plans button, 
the plans will be accessible and you will be able to go to the recommended 
CALMAT components directly from the Player.
